It's really nice that now we have this
really powerful tool to input that
guidance in a very very very scalable
way. Right? Like if we're talking about
the world of development, you're talking
about like you know maybe singledigit
millions, twodigit millions of
developers. Now we can actually give
this guidance and direction to a much
broader set of people. Um I it's
exciting for someone I think that's
getting into building software today
because in some ways you're kind of
leapfrogging the past generation. The
best generation has their gray hairs and
hard-earned lessons on how to build
these interfaces, but people that are
getting into software today have, you
know, this incredible access to what
we've all learned collectively. So, it's
super exciting.
[Music]
Today we're speaking with GMO Rouch, CEO
of Verscell, for a conversation about
how AI is reshaping software
development. GMO shares insights from
building Vzero, Verscell's text to app
generator that's attracting not just
developers, but designers and marketers,
essentially anybody who can describe
what they want to build. GMO predicts
that we're heading towards a generative
web where applications are created on
demand for individual users, potentially
making traditional downloadable software
obsolete.
He also reveals how Chat GBT has
unexpectedly become one of Versel's
fastest growing customer acquisition
channels, offering a glimpse into how AI
is already transforming business
fundamentals. Enjoy the show.
>> GMO, thank you so much for joining us
today.
>> Excited to be here.
>> I want to get right into it. It seems
like the coding market is being turned
upside down, you know, blown up in
different ways, and it seems like the
kind of front-end web developer segment
of the market is the one that's changing
the most rapidly. uh what are you seeing
and what do you think happens to that
core community?
>> Yeah, it seems like whatever LMS are
good at, you know, like people get
really excited about. And in a couple
years ago when Chad GBD came out, one of
the first things we noticed at Verscell
was Chad GBD is extremely good at
writing React code
>> and Tailwind code, which is the styling
code that most most web developers use
these days. And we got really excited
because we saw, okay, you know, Verscell
has been in the business of giving
people tools and frameworks to make it
really easy to develop websites and
publish them online. But it seems like
this is a almost like a generational
shift towards something that is even
better than a framework.
>> It's not exactly a framework. Like
Nex.js is like a React framework. You
know, you sit down and you write code
and it makes it a lot easier to write an
application. But LLMs seem to me like a
generational leap, like more general
than a framework and potentially
something that opens up the top of final
to every person on the planet because
all you need to know is to you know use
your natural language and generate code.
And so that actually inspired us instead
of like um perhaps the typical reaction
would be like you either ignore it or
you're in fear of it. Uh we really
deeply embraced it. I personally really
embraced it because at the time I was
using copilot which was the
autocompleter inside your IDE mostly
focused on that at the time
>> and then I realized okay like this feels
like the next big thing in AI so we
created Vzero which is a text to app or
text to front end and ever since you
know it's been now a couple of years uh
its growth has been astronomical and
we've learned a lot about what AI can do
to I think power the next generation of
software builders which might not be
just developers I think That's the
biggest discontinuity or the biggest
thing we've seen on the market. There is
AI coding tools that are now attracting
what I would call dev adjacent profiles
like designers, marketers, um basically
anybody with a keyboard that I sometimes
make the joke instead of like yapping
into your team chat application just
yapp into vzero and you're creating more
value.
>> That's awesome. when we first did our
internal landscape on, you know, GPT3
and what it might mean, I remember one
of the example apps we laid out was kind
of text uh to to front-end uh uh web
app. And awesome.
>> It's crazy to see that VZ, you know, out
in its full full power. And you know, I
got a series B pitch the other day from
a company whose front end was built from
from Vzero.
>> Nice. Well, that's the thing about like
seat rounds. You used to raise money to
create your first prototype, right? And
like the cost of like coming up with the
idea and then transforming it into
software is pretty high. So you would
raise a seat around to get the
prototype. What I hear these days is
that these VZero prototypes are actually
replacing pitch decks. Right? By the
time you get to your pitch, it'd be rare
these days to not have a working front
end because the cost has gone so low.
And and I think the iteration velocity
that is giving the wouldbe builders is
amazing, right? like you can go through
like hundreds of prototypes before you
settle on your first idea.
>> With Vzero as it exists today, what are
you most proud of and what do you feel
is not quite there yet?
>> Most proud of is the reach. So over 3
million builders, the level of
engagement and retention is really high.
So people are actually getting a lot of
value. Teams are getting a lot of value.
We have Fortune 10 using the product on
the enterprise tier. So, I think the
number one thing is people are excited
about agents, but this is an agent
that's working out in the real world and
providing value. One of the things that
I'm proud of is how much we've extracted
lessons from building Vzero that we're
giving back to the world. We've written
extensively about how we're building it.
We've opened the underlying framework,
the AI SDK. We recently released the
Vzero model. So we're inviting
entrepreneurs to innovate in the space
and create their own agents that can
build websites, application market
marketing uh products etc.
I think another thing is quality
>> from the beginning to now. To your
point, anybody that used Chachet
realized very quickly, oh, it can do
haikus, it can do poems, and he can
write code. It's pretty cool, right? And
so getting it to the point where it can
be reliable. That took a lot of work,
fine-tuning. We trained our own custom
code application model that sits in
front of the frontier model. All in the
service of reliability. You want to come
in, you create a generation, it has to
work.
>> Well, yeah. One of the things that I
think you've been known for for many
years now, even before Vzero, was
quality and in particular the developer
experience. And I know there's an aspect
of taste that goes into that. I'm also
wondering how do you systematize that?
Like is there a standard definition for
quality or are there metrics that you
track, you know, to just ensure that the
bar remains high and that the developer
experience remains pristine? Yeah, one
of the things that excited me a lot
about building AI products is that the
feedback loop and the metrics come built
in. You've probably seen a lot of
pitches from would be entrepreneurs that
maybe they get they put the cart before
the horse and they're not tracking their
growth and and measuring things
correctly and you realize wouldn't it be
cool if like every product you created
came with a standard set of metrics
>> so that you're off to the races but you
have a compass on where to go.
>> Yeah. AI products have that kind of
built in which is amazing right like if
you look at the first coding AI product
which is copilot what it did is you
write some code and it produces ghost
text right after your code it proposes a
completion
the creator of that now has a really
cool metric to evaluate the progress of
their product with which is the
acceptance rate of the completion so
it's like you're building your product
and then now like you have a dashboard
that has one gigantic metric that says,
"All right, we're at 51%." You come back
to the office the next week, "Oh, cool.
We we're at 52%. You've replaced the
model. All right, cool. What are we
seeing?"
>> So, I I love that aspect. We have that
in VZ in spades because we have, you
know, the the fact that people want to
deploy these applications into the real
world. That's a very high signal of
engagement for us. We have the what
happens to the application later on,
right? Like are people coming to the
application uh integrations they
install? But we also have the
fundamental one which is that does the
code work? Is it you know rendering
correctly? So there's an aspect of the
product that is the reliability of
creating a functioning application. But
the other one that is more subjective is
taste, right? How can we embed all of
the best practices that we've learned
over over the years on creating products
on the web. little things like you know
for example on iOS when you open a
website you want to make sure that the
theme bar which is the uh what sits
outside your website the color of the
Safari theme bar has to match the
background color of the page
>> if it doesn't maybe most people would
not notice it's off but when it's on
it's just so delightful right it's like
a continuity of the canvas it takes over
the entire screen so little things like
that in the past we would have to you
know build frame frameworks or education
and hoping people upgrade and nowadays
we can embed all of those learnings into
the model and we can say okay when
you're going to generate a landing page
make sure that that happens and this
cuts across so many things that's why I
call it almost like the next thing after
frameworks
>> uh because frameworks worked really hard
both the designers and the users to put
you into a pit of success
>> if you fit into the framework you know a
lot of things about the world will true
around performance, security, etc. But
the world is very dynamic. People are
fluid. They want to try different
things. So it's really nice that now we
have this really powerful tool to input
that guidance in a very very very
scalable way, right? Like if we're
talking about the world of development,
you're talking about like you know maybe
singledigit millions, twodigit millions
of developers. Now we can actually give
this guidance and direction to a much
broader set of people. Um, I it's
exciting for someone I think that's
getting into building software today
because in some ways you kind of
leaprogging the past generation. The
past generation has their gray hairs and
hard-earned lessons on how to build
these interfaces, but people that are
getting into software today have, you
know, this incredible access to what
we've all learned collectively. So, it's
super exciting.
>> I love it. Before we go deeper into the
AI stuff, maybe can we take a step back?
Can you situate us and orient us towards
what is Verscell? How do you see your
company's role in the world? Yes. And
how does the slate of AI products we've
been talking about, Vzero, etc. How do
those fit into kind of Verscell in the
preAI era?
>> Yeah. When Versell was born, it sort of
started out of the pain that I felt on
bringing a cutting edge website online.
>> On one hand, I had to configure all of
the cloud provider stuff from scratch.
And there was a lot of progress in
making the cloud better open source with
things like Kubernetes etc. It was
intensely painful to like just put my
idea online.
>> And then I felt the same on the tools
side. It's before Verscell I feel like
it was very hard to bring tools and
cloud infrastructure together which is
what led to the invention of NexJS.
But it was always that fitness function
of I want to bring my idea online
immediately. So chapter one of Versel
you can think of it as
uh infrastructure on autopilot
>> an autonomous cloud and we did this with
developer experience that's the number
one tool think of it as a Trojan horse
you want to automate the cloud how do
you do it do you you know teach courses
do you sell certifications or do you
give people the best possible developer
experience on the planet that's what we
set out to do chapter two of oursel
feels like again the postframework era
we automated infrastructure can automate
writing the software to begin with. You
know, you can hit diminishing returns
with frameworks. Like we would obsess
over how many characters you need in
order to create a really cool page or
component. When I would give
presentations about introducing XJ, I
would say, okay, what is the minimum
number of steps I have to take?
>> Create a folder, create a file, inside
that file, export my first React
component. So, I had it almost down to a
mathematical science, right? like what
is the number of characters between you
and aha in a successful outcome online.
>> So with AI being able to generate code,
I think we're opening up this new
frontier of automating it all
potentially, right? And putting the
putting the human in in the driver's
seat from a creative perspective and
from what is it that I'm trying to ship,
right? Uh what what do you want to ship
is actually the the question we ask when
you go to vzero as the as the headline
for the prompt. Hm.
>> What are your strongly held beliefs and
have any of those changed uh with with
the rise of AI generated code?
>> Strongly held beliefs, I'll tell you
the meta of that is that I encourage
people to not have too many strongly
held beliefs, right?
>> If anytime people say, well, AI can't do
this,
>> I try to I try to be on the side of AI.
like well you know I've caught myself
thinking that and then 6 months later 3
months later nine months later the
situation changes. So that's one. Um
another big one for me is that we're all
in the business of producing an artifact
or outcome that we want to share with
the world.
>> So I try to think always from the first
principles of like look everything is up
for grabs in this generation of
software. any any habit any assumption
about who the persona is that is going
to be able to build something I think is
currently up for disruption. So I I pick
on chat apps a lot because you know the
assumption is imagine that you all are
going to start a startup tomorrow. What
are the set of tools that you actually
like procure? What is the first things
that you install? Where do you track
your price? All of these things I think
are going to be disrupted by AI. M
>> uh and uh I like to always think from
clean slate I guess that's my strongly
uh held belief something I do as a habit
is any weekend I try to start something
from scratch like whether you know use
for sale so on one hand I get to dock
through the platform and try it out but
also I'm always doing this exercise of
like what else can we remove how can we
remove that friction from idea to to
application bringing bringing new things
online
>> you talked about you know developer
experience first that was the most
important thing before uh before
thinking about the infrastructure. Um
what are some of the things that you did
to nail the developer experience and do
you think a great developer experience
changes in this act two of AIdriven
code?
>> Yeah, so number one is we realized early
on that in some ways the world had its
priorities reversed. People got really
excited about the technology cloud
infrastructure and so a developer would
sit down and they would start with that.
You would start your project by creating
a cluster, resources, cloud formations,
terraforms, and things like that.
>> But really, if again, if you think from
first principles, you're not trying to
create like you're not going to give
your customers infrastructure.
>> Yep.
>> You have to always think backwards from
the end user. One piece of advice that I
give to people that want to get into the
world of dev tools is remember that you
have two customers. You have your direct
customer who's the developer, but then
you have to be thinking about what is
that developer trying to create? What is
their customer? So, it's a powerful and
actually intellectually challenging
position to be in because you're
thinking, okay, I'm selling something to
you who's going to sell something to
somebody else. So, there's by definition
another hop or layer of interaction. So
I think something that we did well was
we set out to create a great developer
experience that was in the service of
user experience.
>> I'm always keeping the end user in mind.
I I try to an exercise that I do all the
time is okay I'm going to go to a new
website that launches a new AI product.
Is it great or not? As an end user like
how does it feel?
>> And then work backwards
>> to what's powering it. And this
sometimes creates a creative tension
between because it might be easier for
me if you're the developer, I might be
able to sell you something that gives
you, if you think about it as a video
game, like imagine like plus 10
happiness points
>> and then you sell it to the end user.
Let's let's see what happens a quarter,
two quarters in because your users are
not happy. Y
>> so your short-term gratification did not
pan out into a successful business
outcome. So you have to be extremely
thoughtful about navigating that
tension. And sometimes in the early days
I I got it wrong or like you know I
would get the developer extremely
excited about a new thing or a new
feature or even something as subtle as
like an extra configuration flag or
sometimes it's an operational limit that
you relax. This this always catches the
wouldbe infrastructure uh entrepreneur.
>> Developers love weird stuff
>> because you think you think okay um I'm
going to make it unlimited. People are
going to love this. And then you realize
well unlimited is not really good recipe
for operational excellence.
>> You have to think about all of the
services and infrastructure that are
going to have to deal with this entity
that has an unbounded property. And so
that's a good example of like navigating
that tension because if you're buying my
product, you may think, okay, like why
is the quota not infinity? And I'm like,
oh, you know, like it's hard to explain
sometimes. And like so navigating that
tension, I think is one of the one of
the the key secrets of success. and it's
it's hard to get right.
>> Can you talk a bit about the AI
inflection at Verscell? I think last
year you publicly announced some stats.
Can you share just the latest in terms
of how AI has changed the uh changed the
whole speed of your business?
>> Yeah, I think the two most dramatic
things when I look at our journey is
number one the zero cost our entire user
base numbers to double year-over-year.
So that kind of gives you a glimpse of
the developer of the future. It took us
years of being a pretty, you know, hypy
successful company to get a certain user
base and now AI opens the top of final
so much that you just double it
year-over-year.
f fascinating to me and encouraging for
everybody that wants to build an AI
application on Verscell because I think
they're going to see that there can
participate in this incredible one I
think once in a generation upside in
okay with all these tools and
infrastructure because the interesting
thing about Vzero is it's an app that is
full stack created on Verscell
>> mh
>> zero tricks access special features
nothing it's just we became a customer
of our own platform So, that was a
really cool thing to see.
>> How are those new users different from
some of your older users?
>> They're they're different in some on
some ways, but not different in the in
the in the sense that they they're
thinking about that end user. Yeah.
>> So, they're they're different in the
sense of some of that those developer
sensitivities are not there like do they
care that much if the code is long,
short, the shape of the APIs of the
things that the LLM is generating. So
what's fascinating is that LLM's
strengths and weaknesses will inform the
development of runtimes, languages, type
checkers, and frameworks of the future.
>> Think of it as your customer is no
longer the developer.
>> Yep.
>> Your customer is the agent that the
developer or non-developer is wielding.
That is actually a pretty significant
change.
The first thing that I hypothesized is
look developers by nature have always
preferred things that look shorter. So
if you know if the API call it looks a
little bit more succinct and for example
for stripe there's a beauty to their API
the dot notation on the SDKs etc. And by
the way, this is going to continue to be
super relevant in the future. But now
you have to think about, well, is there
something that I could change about that
API that actually favors the LLM being
the the quote unquote entity or or user
of this API? So that's one big change on
like how we think about the product.
>> Uh I think these people
>> share something that's very fundamental
to all of us. They just want things to
work and perhaps they have a little less
patience. I think developers go through
this, you know, journey of learning to
deal with errors. You know, you're just
used, I sometimes say, you know,
developers are typically known to be
well compensated, but they're dealing
with like terrible negative feedback all
day long. The the type checker, god
forbid, the borrow checker just like
screaming at you, giving you errors that
sometimes are hard to understand. And
and this is why developer experience
obviously matters so much.
And so now we're going into this world
where I I I feel like this user has an
even shorter fuse if something goes
wrong. Going back to that quality
metric, to that reliability metric,
they're just like, you know, flip the
table like what is this? And honestly,
it's amazing pressure for for us as uh
as product builders. Like you want
something that works 99.99% of the time.
Yeah. And I will say when people ask me
there is someone asked me look if we
were if this was um uh 1990
and the internet is starting to like
really gain serious traction and you
know the 2000s are coming like where do
you think uh we are relative to like old
eras of the internet like are we in uh
are we in the dotcom uh boom are we you
know five years before five years after
it's a very interesting era that we're
in, right? Like on some level you notice
that the reliability of the underlying
models is very low.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh the uh outages that you see very
frequently on API uh AI providers is
very low. But on the other hand, the
massification on the consumer side is
super high.
>> It took quite a long time for us to get
everyone on on team internet. But on
team AI, the adoption is just uh
amazing. So there's almost like a tale
of two cities. You have the
infrastructure is being built as we go
and like we're improving the reliability
of it all the time. Um and the consumer
demand is unprecedented.
>> Yeah.
>> How do you think uh AI is kind of
changing the underlying infrastructure
demands? So for example, my my layman's
understanding of what you all do at
Verscell is that there's quite a bit of
caching that happens that makes you know
website loading very fast.
>> Is that as relevant in a world where a
lot of content is generated? I will say
the main thing that we optimized for
that kind of found us in a lucky time,
lucky place is we're noticing that the
web was going from being a static to
dynamic.
>> And I feel like now we're going from
dynamic to generative.
>> And so Versel was investing for years
and years and years on this transition
from a static to dynamic. We were
working on technology for streaming
websites. So, one of the magic things
that makes websites like Amazon.com so
fast is they stream the response to you.
It actually is almost like an LLM is you
can think of as like a a a LLM before AI
of sorts because when you're coming to a
product page, they're computing
dynamically just in time. What are the
product recommendations for you guys?
>> What are you likely to buy next? I think
we've all been through the uh scenario
where like you add to cart and they're
like hm scroll a bit and then you add
the bundle you're like customers also
buy. So versel was working really hard
on democratizing that kind of
technology.
>> We're noticing that most like e-commerce
websites were like they even struggled
to just serve a cached page period let
alone a page that for each user makes
amazing recommendations.
So we were able to repurpose a lot of
that infrastructure especially in the
compute side. Uh we call it fluid
compute. It was the perfect fit for this
new generation of applications that are
streaming content. Yeah.
>> Not from databases but from LLMs. M
>> the one shift that is significant is you
have to think about a web for end users
and humans like you know you open up
sequoia capital.com but you also have to
think about a web for agents
>> you have to think about the fact that
there's emergent protocols right you
have llm.txt txt is a good example, very
simple, but now a website can
communicate better with the wouldbe
agent and give them an alternative
representation.
>> You can think about MCP servers as being
the next evolution of that.
>> In some ways, the static to dynamic uh
metaphor is happening on an expedited
timeline for AI protocols because
alms.txe txt is very much like the
static representation of an agentic
website and the MCP now enables you to
put an agent out into the internet that
can communicate with another agent. So,
Verscell is now enabling these new kinds
of AI workloads but sharing a lot of the
same foundational infrastructure.
>> Where do you see your AI product roadmap
going?
>> I posted a tweet recently that said, you
know, I think the journey that a lot of
companies are going to go through is
they have no AI
uh then they say we're going to start an
AI prototyping team. Then they're going
to evolve that prototype into a
production grade product. So they're
going to say now that's the AI product
team. And then the end state is that
every company will be an AI company.
>> Mh. Meaning that whatever lessons you
gar you gathered from that produ
productionizing of that AI prototype or
idea or you know thing that you launched
maybe it's a new product
you will use those lessons to transform
the rest of your business. You kind of
see this with support AI. Why is support
AI so successful? Well, it's the lowest
friction way for any established
business, enterprise or company to say,
"All right, I'm going to incorporate AI
into my business."
>> What Versell did was, I think, more
ambitious than that because we said,
"Look, in order for us to actually give
high quality support,
we need an expert model in our
technologies. It'd be devastating if a
customer comes to us who we are the
experts in Nex.js, JS React the web and
our support agent doesn't know the
latest and greatest on our own
technologies right so we started with
down this path of you know how can we
have an expert AI in our own
technologies and so we launched Vzero
which interestingly enough served two
purposes it's the expert model that
feeds into our support u streams so if
you go to versell.com/help
and you ask for help that's going to
reuse this global intelligence that
we're creating for the for the company.
We also wanted to make sure that
everybody in that works at Verscell, you
know, we've hired some of the best,
hardest working people that have
mastered the ins and outs of web and
cloud infrastructure and a lot of
companies come to us saying, can I hire
you for professional services or
support? And typically the answer has
been, look, we have over 100,000
customers. our ability to give like
comprehensive professional service
support is extremely limiting. But I
would love to help you out. Now we have
a mechanism because we can sell them our
AI agent and they can get as much of a
direct access to my brain and my CTO's
brain
>> to answer their problems. And then we
have Vzero which actually tries to like
go even more ambitious, right? Like
let's write the code for them. So in
many ways actually you can look at all
of this disruption from the lens of like
the most excellent customer service you
could give on the planet right like
customers have been asking us like hey
rout can you come you know give a
workshop I I I gave a workshop many many
years ago on XJS I wish I had the
bandwidth to do more of those. So AI I
feel like is that human amplifier of our
business,
>> that token factory that Jensen talks
about for our business. And the other
the other big change is that as you look
at all of the other areas of our
business like firewall and security,
like observability, all of the
foundations of our cloud, we are also
disrupting those with AI. So imagine a
an agent that instead of reporting that
your workload is experiencing 500 errors
can actually give you a pull request
with the solution
>> and it'll be rooted in the same systems
that are making us good at generating
applications. We'll use them to repair
production applications and to optimize
them.
>> How far are we from just fully
self-driving infrastructure? I know
you've automated a lot. How far are we
from sort of the picture you just
painted? I think we're practically
almost there. So it depends on each
domain. The best case scenario, we have
Verscell being able to automatically
scale for any kind of workload. And in
the worst case scenario, we can give you
a really good investigation of whatever
problem you're experiencing that is
completely autonomous. Mhm.
>> So, uh, going back to, you know, the
evolution of the company, I think the
the biggest sticking point was you have
to land the developer experience in
order to get all of this upside in the
autonomous infrastructure. What I'm
excited about is that if you now know,
you don't even have to convince
developers. If it's the agents that are
falling into those pits of success with
the frameworks, then you can have much
broader impact toward with this
autonomous infrastructure.
>> Maybe on a related point, why has chat
GPT been such an effective source of of
new customers and leads for you?
>> Yeah, we shared recently that the
sourcing of signups to versel from
ChatGpt has been growing exponentially.
So, I think there's a couple factors.
When we created the AI SDK, which you
can think of as the NexJS of AI, it's
it's a framework to allow developers to
connect to LLMs, we put out this
playground that essentially allows you
to talk to multiple LLMs at the same
time. So, it creates this column layout
and you can say, what's better,
Coca-Cola or Pepsi? And you can see all
the different LLMs respond with their
opinions. We've used this system over
time to understand what are the innate
vibes of the LLMs
>> around different technologies
and I can't tell you exactly how and why
these neural networks think in fact LM
interpretability is a is its own field
of study but over time if you ask it you
know what is the best way to deploy a
react application
due to all of its training data due to
all of the sourcing of all of the
opinions and writing and solutions and
GitHub issues and everything it's
trained on is chosen for sale a lot of
the time.
>> We had an anecdote the other day which
was fascinating at the AI engineering I
think this is a sign of of the changing
times at the AI engineering conference
in San Francisco. We had a booth and one
of our colleagues told me that people
would come to our booth and tell them
that they learned of Versel because Chad
Gupt told them to use Verscell. This
kind of changes how marketing is done,
right? Because like it used to be that
>> people would find out about Versel
because they watch a podcast like this
and you know to some extent that'll
still happen. Thanks for having me.
>> But now there's this you know you're
going directly to your AI buddy to to
learn about the world.
>> Totally.
>> The other aspect is that AIS are still
grounding themselves in search
>> to get access to like the cutting edge
breaking news data etc. So they are
performing Google searches. So, I always
advise our customers to still be mindful
of like look, you still have to rank
high and create good content. The kinds
of content I think that you're going to
be writing in the future uh are
different. I think you're going to have
to be thinking about look, people are no
longer doing keyword- based searches for
certain kinds of problems.
>> Yeah,
>> they're asking questions. The questions
might be more precise in some senses.
The questions might be in some in some
other aspects may be broader. And so
we've been trying to think LLM first in
how we also publish to the internet. And
I think we've had some good results.
People are hypothesizing that just
creating FAQ type content helps a lot
>> because you're kind of matching onetoone
what people could be asking. I I think
overall it's a great outcome for the
internet. like we're all asking
questions and we have these machines
that can digest the answers and and you
know uh uh help us navigate the the
immense sea of content that is the web.
>> So you don't have to promise your
firstborn kid to to OpenAI and the
robots.txt file.
>> That's right. That's right. So like you
still have to navigate like does OpenAI
like me? Does Grog like me, etc. So
hopefully you're on good terms with with
all of them.
>> I love it. Uh could you say a word about
how you see the competitive chessboard
playing out? And the way I see it, you
know, everyone is trying to get to this
ultimate goal of you have an idea of the
thing you want to build and then you
actually have a full kind of finished
application hosted deployed.
>> Um but there's different approaches
people are taking. Everything from your
approach to you know let me let me win
the IDE to let me let me go from the
design back uh the way Figma's Figma is
going. How do you think all this plays
out and does it all converge?
>> Yeah, I have a couple frameworks. I
think nobody will have the exact answer
at this point, but I'll give you a
couple frameworks of thought that I
have. One is this idea of virtual
co-workers.
So at Versel we have you know designers,
developers, marketers etc. We will now
have virtual designers, virtual
marketers, virtual developers. Probably
you can think of this as agents but
there is a wrinkle. These are expert
agents.
>> I think over time people will always
start with the double final of like the
broad safety net of I'll go to chatgbd
or I'll go to claude for my broad
knowledge questions but then I think
over time you're going to realize well
like I'm coming back to this thing with
this very specific set of problems. Is
there something better? I think it'll
come naturally, right? Like we've spoken
extensively about uh very successful
versell customers like open evidence I
if you've heard of it um
and gc.ai. I love these two examples
because one is my expert you know
healthcare physician they have a chachi
style interface but they source it in
the frontier data and they continue to
improve their models to provide better
accuracy domain expertise etc. not
unlike VZero, right? But for web
development and the other one is GZ.AI
which I love because same thing uh law
legal uh you have Harvey in the same
space you have FinTool and Hebia and
Perplexity sort of answering some of the
financial agent questions etc. So I see
a world of millions if not hundreds of
millions of agents and I think companies
have to think about you know if I was a
digital native and I came to market with
a SAS style dashboard UI if I came to a
market with a marketing website and a
content website etc. You must be asking
yourself the hard question of like, all
right, if I was reinvented today, my
interface would probably be agentic. And
I have two broad categorizations of
agents. You have the synchronous agents.
This is open evidence or chatb. You go
there and you ask a question and you get
an answer right away. I think that's
kind of the first generation. And then
you have the more potentially
interesting long-term which is the
asynchronous agents. These are the
agents that can work and solve broader
problems and can collaborate with other
agents potentially with other humans not
just you and can you know work for
prolonged amounts of time. So we're
starting to blur those lines with
products like Vzero because sometimes we
might go deeper in into a task that you
give us
>> and we might orchestrate you know
several steps in a row. Think of it as
like well if you come to us and you say
build me an interface that's optimal for
e-commerce maybe the agent will do some
research first on what it is exactly
that you need. So that's almost like an
extra step, right? The other class that
is super emergent is you look, you see
this with the IDE market. Your IDE with
AI is your synchronous agent interface.
>> But then you're vibing from bed and you
have a new idea and you're like, "Hey, I
just came up with the idea to fix that
problem." And you tell the agent to cook
on it and come back to you with a pull
request. And so what I encourage people
to think about the front ends are still
immensely important. You have to think
about the output front end because at
the end of all that work there is
something that comes out
>> your artifact. It might be a website. It
might be a port request. It might be a
chat message that asks you for your
confirmation or whatever. And you also
have to think about capturing people's
attention. the input side like you have
to if if I'm a a a doctor I have to
memorize okay what is the interface that
I go to and you have to make that really
ergonomic one thing that I've noticed by
studying UI a lot is there's a sense
that agents actually are their own
modality
and that it's very hard to like merge
them together with existing things is
why Verscell we chose to create a new
entry point and a new app vzero.dev
If you're Google, you have a tough
challenge ahead of you. This is why
they're calling their agentic interface
AI mode. It's almost like a separate
product. Kind of like Google Maps is is
a separate product. So there is a top of
funnel. You go to Google, but then you
have to like choose your warrior. Do I
go AI mode? Do I go maps? Do I go
images? Or do I go traditional keyword
search? So I I still encourage people to
sort of sweat the details on how are you
finding the customer and and are you
creating a very ergonomic entry point
into that intelligence uh agent?
>> Can you say more about why in your case
it makes sense for it to be a separate
product?
>> Yeah. So think of it as there's two
classes of users. You have the developer
that might be thinking about creating
more of a platform, right? You might be
thinking about the developer that is
more experienced and maybe already has
an existing infrastructure project,
maybe they have already GitHub
repository, etc. They're not going to
come into an interface that is purely
conversational, right? And so they're
they're seeking a different style of
engagement with Verscell. So that's why
I always encourage people to think about
look if you're creating the vzero of the
future go to Verscell because you you
you're going to need a different set of
tools to create a platform.
The world I think is splitting almost
into two classes of developers. The ones
that are creating apps and the ones that
are creating platforms and so if you're
creating an app we want you to have the
easiest possible onboarding journey that
is again more conversational. If you're
creating a platform, we're still making
it really easy for you. So like we give
you templates, we give you starting
points that are really meaningful, but
there's still a sense of like you're
going to have to roll up your sleeves
and like have to do a little bit more of
a traditional like developer work and
engagement. This is why the metaphor
that I use for the the Vero style
products is
think of it as Whimo where in the ideal
experience there's never a human
operator but there's still a very small
chance that there is a disengagement and
Whimo calls home
>> and a human has to intervene. So I think
of Verscell as a platform that has like
the human is more centered on the human
intervention where you're creating a
platform but you're more of an expert
and you're still going to have a lot of
AI tools in your journey. But Vzero is
the dream of that self-driving car that
end to end you never disengage. If you
happen to have to disengage we have
integrations we're building integrations
to code editors where you can say okay
this is as far as I got. Let me eject
into something like cursor or VS code.
But I think as LMS continue to improve,
you're going to see this VZero side of
the world take more and more and more
and more of that top of funnel. Yeah, I
myself as a coder
>> have not used the more traditional
coding tools in a while.
>> I just use Vzero
>> because again it's with my limited time
and bandwidth as a CEO, I'm obsessed
about like time to from idea to online
and VZero fits that bill perfectly.
>> Yeah. So Vzero and kind of the overall
trend of making it easier and more
seamless for people to produce software
is almost certainly going to lead to
more apps, more software in the world.
Will it also lead to better apps, better
software in the world or will it just
produce more noise?
>> I think it'll lead to better apps for
sure. um to check myself what I do very
frequently is I analyze the categories
of errors
>> that our customers are falling into or
ourselves are falling into and I always
ask myself could a model have solved
this problem
>> and this takes the form rigorously of
evaluations into our product. So
whenever we see I kind of mentioned the
it seems silly but like the you know the
background color between the Safari bar
and your content has to match that is
easily and trivially trainable so that
we can embed it and then we can put it
into the hands of millions of people.
The other thing we do is our security
research team is constantly on the
lookout for what are the broad classes
of vulnerabilities that are impacting
websites and web applications.
And I shared a story not too long ago
that our CTO found a vulnerability in an
open source framework.
Luckily, we helped them catch it and
repair it before this version of the
product broadly went out. What we did
right after is we created an eval
against all of the frontier coding
models.
We gave the task to the models of like
look this is the pull request. Do you
notice something wrong?
And I can't remember how many of them
got it right, but several of them got it
right.
It was it was a pretty non-trivial
vulnerability. And I remember at the
time I thought to myself,
>> the next version of this is that we can
give LLMs
existing code bases and have them spend
tokens and tokens and tokens until they
find problems like this. Lo and behold,
recently the news came out that in the
Linux kernel,
someone found that use after free
vulnerability, which is considered very
high severity because it can lead to a
segmentation fault, a crash, a denial of
service type of attack at best, or at
worst it can lead to data leaks, uh,
cryptographic secret leaks, etc., etc.,
remote code execution vulnerabilities,
the worst kind of vulnerabilities on the
planet. And this was done by 03 almost
exclusively.
>> There was some prompting, but it it
wasn't like nothing extraordinary.
And you know, I've spoken with people
that are very uh seasoned Linux kernel
engineers and they told me, look, the
reality is that there is a lot of those.
And he, you know, one of them kind of
trivialized the finding because he said
like, look, if I spend all of my time
doing this, I could find other use after
free vulnerabilities.
>> Yeah.
>> But the problem is that exactly that
there isn't that many Linux kernel
experts and that they don't have the
bandwidth to to find these kind of
vulnerabilities. So the reality is that
I think, you know, you're going to see
LLMs that create code that is secure by
construction.
>> Mhm. This is as LLMs get better at more
formal languages,
>> as they get better at Rust, as they get
better at safe languages, of which, by
the way, TypeScript is one of them.
You're going to see that LM are
producing more secure code for the
world. You're going to see that, you
know, the next hardleed won't happen in
a world of AI written code. Now, for
people that are listening to me, they're
probably like, "Wow, this guy is so
optimistic." We're also hearing that
LLMs are leaking secrets into web
browsers, like literally shipping
database secrets into clientside code.
What I'm very happy to report is that
Vzero
has prevented tens of thousands of such
vulnerabilities. Last I checked with one
of our AI research engineers,
it was a thousand vulnerabilities
prevented per day relative to what the
LM had the inclination to ship. Hm. And
this is where you were asking me what
are you know some of the u intrinsic
advantages that Verscell has. Well,
Verscell has really a really powerful
set of infrastructure primitives where
we can ship code that the LM generates
to the server side and deploy it
instantly. If it's interactive, we can
ship it to the client side. So, our
ability to guide the LM towards a secure
outcome is really, really high.
>> We can basically do what I would
recommend and what we in the
documentation would recommend a human
do. we can do on autopilot. But it's not
just security, it's also performance.
We're very excited about bringing agents
that automatically do the performance
optimizations that I still recommend to
entrepreneurs by hand. Like I kid you
not, I will DM you an X or I will text
you saying, "Oh, I noticed this glitch
here that is non-trivial to find by
frameworks." Why is it non-trivial to
find? Because they happen at runtime.
One of the things that makes web
engineering actually extremely complex
is that it's not a discrete process.
It's not a function that takes an input
and immediately produces a result. It's
uh in in programming language lingo, you
can think of it as a generator. It
produces multiple values over time. It's
like a set. So when you go to a website,
it's giving you information over time.
So for a website to be performant,
everything that is coming through your
retinas has to fall in the right place.
Companies like Apple are amazing at this
because so much of this is like
literally the human testing. Does it
feel right? They do a lot of demos. They
have a culture of like putting it into
people's hands before it goes out into
the world. So what I want to do is give
all of these tasks to an AI that
performs that quality judgment that
performs the performance optimization
and is rooted in all of the data that
gets captured in production so that by
the next generation your your software
gets better.
>> Yeah.
>> And now that computer use agents are
getting good, you can actually go and
click through and see how the experience
is. Yeah,
>> absolutely. Like an agent that just uses
the product and finds problems, right?
Uh so many of the uh startup pitfalls
that I see is I literally cannot log in
or sign up to your product.
>> Like literally like you give me a
something happened in that critical
path. So fun fun anecdote this week.
This past weekend my my uh fun hobby
task was I'm going to try every product
in the speechtoext operating system
category which is super hot right now.
There's three products that people are
using very broadly. Two of them I had
problems in that critical phase of
getting to the aha moment.
>> So that meant you know uh coming to the
website, downloading the app, signing
up, giving operating system permissions.
It's a very delicate process. It's
actually like hardcore distributed
systems problem. everything can fail and
it's a very delicate time to aha that
you're optimizing for and the system is
so dynamic that I I'm sure that the
entrepreneurs thought at some point this
is rock solid
>> trust me bro like I tested it worked
perfect but so many things can go wrong
that what you actually want is a QA
agent that is just constantly checking
this stuff especially for the critical
paths
>> totally
>> buying something sign signing up
contacting sales downloading the thing
uh and in the real world things are the
CTO of Amazon has this uh uh meme or fa
phrase is everything is failing all of
the time.
>> Mh.
>> And so you need robots that are
constantly watching everything and
repairing it.
>> Do you think that we end up in a world
of a lot of disposable apps or like what
happens in the world where everyone is
creating lots of apps all the time?
Yeah, I think I've always fought the
idea that an app is a permanent thing.
The idea that you download and install,
the idea that you have you seen on the
Mac, you download a DMG.
>> Yep.
>> Which is a kind of temporary volume.
It's a relegant of the past that we get
to experience very frequently. You mount
a temporary volume that later you have
to eject from finder and then you have
to drag and drop from the volume to
applications folder and now at that
point it's installed and it's like a
responsibility. It's like this is your
puppy now like take care of him, feed
him over time and then you have to
launch it and so that's insane to me
because I'm team web where everything is
instantaneous. Go to chatgbt.com go to
vzero.dev dev, right? And so I've always
been on this philosophical fight against
on one side the gatekeeping of the app
stores and so on. Not only on sort of
like this like idealistic and
philosophical sense, but also on the
latency and friction they introduce for
end users. It's insane. You go to the
app store on iOS and yes, you don't have
a DMG that you mount, but you have to
download the app which has takes
hundreds of megabytes and it takes
forever to download. So the web has
always felt to me as the end means of
distribution and the best platform to
actually host AGI
>> and I think of the web as being the
place where everything will be
generative just in time for everybody.
>> So I think it's even more ambitious at
personal software or ephemeral apps. I
think you won't even notice it's an
ephemeral app.
>> Everything will be ephemeral for that
matter.
>> Yeah. Uh and the battle here or the the
realization for me here was and it
happens very fre frequently still I have
this aversion now to searching for
software
because the idea that I can generate it
seems in my mind to beat the total
latency of finding the software
installing it. M
>> so we're in this race between if the
generations continue to get better
>> quality performance security reliability
then it's it's going to be an unwinable
battle for the downloadable installable
procurable god forbid like you have to
procure the software
>> it's just an impossible battle to win so
I'm team
>> fully generative uh software uh forever
>> that's interesting I'm thinking about
that in the context of your comment
earlier about how you have to think
about your customer who is the developer
and also your customer's customer who is
the end user. Does that mean that
eventually
your developer customer is not producing
a single app that's going to serve a
bunch of users? Those users are each
somehow interfacing with something the
developer has done on vzero or on
Verscell. It's generating applications
on the fly for each individual user.
>> That's right.
>> That's wild.
>> Yeah. It's almost like a direct human to
agent interface, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> And yes, like I think developers will be
creating agents. That's agentic
platforms is kind of my my distinction,
right? That's why I was mentioning if
that's your goal, you probably are going
to oversell. But if you're if your goal
is to actually generate apps, you're
going to Vzero and Vzero itself might
become sort of the engine of generation
of this future internet. you know, we're
we're starting to uh see some
integrations into web browsers,
especially now with the model where
people can just call Vzero just in time
from existing applications and existing
distribution channels. The the battle
will continue for where are users going,
you know, where are the front ends that
they're spending time in? And I think
those are the things that we need to
continue to pay attention to.
>> Yeah.
>> Reminds me of that Jensen quote at AI
sense of like all pixels will be
generated, not rendered. It's like that
for your web experience as well. Really
cool. Should we wrap with some rapid
fire questions?
>> Let's go.
>> Okay. Favorite AI app right now.
>> Well, Vzero.
>> Okay. Favorite AI app.
>> Outside your own baby.
>> Um, okay. I'm really into this new, as I
mentioned, uh, talk about
self-disruption. I grew up known as the
kid that typed really fast. I'm really
into this new category of super whisper,
whisper flow, the speech to text that
boggles people's minds. Uh, it's it's
fascinating to play with.
>> Pat types really slow, so he must be
excited that
>> it's funny. I I've actually started
taking typing lessons, so I get better
at that.
>> We did we did a typing competition one
day when we're bored.
>> Oh, that's so cool. Who won?
>> I won. But me and then Andrew,
>> I wasn't like embarrassing behind. I But
I I'll tell you what, it it is
impressive that I can do 90 words per
minute with like two to four fingers.
>> By the way, so um it's it's indicative
of future success at Versel that we hire
people that are fast typists.
>> Yes.
>> So you you should apply.
>> Okay.
>> By the way,
>> by the way, the the really cool thing is
there's something about intelligence
having evolved through motor dexterity.
Like the the things that you do for a
kid when they're growing up, like the
test that you give them when like
they're very little is like how is their
speech evolving? Like them like clear
sign of like development, but also how
is their dexterity? Can they throw? Can
they grab? Can they grasp? So you should
we all collectively should continue to
learn how to type fast.
>> But it's really cool that now these
speech text things are are so like
mindbogglingly fast.
>> Yeah.
>> Love that. Um, who who do you admire in
the world of AI?
>> Carpathy. So, funny enough, when he
introduced the term vibe coding, he
talked about using super whisper as I'm
just going to speak and applications
will be generated.
>> I think he laid out a great vision of
the future that is coming into fruition.
And obviously, he did it also before at
Tesla with self-driving. So I think it
yeah hugely inspiring.
>> Uh recommended reading
>> recommended reading
>> your Twitter.
>> I do love X. Um okay so I there's a
bunch of like engineering articles that
I love but okay so one that comes to
mind is there was an article that was
called the five wise
>> and I think it was called like the five
wise and why the world is about to get
weirder. H actually talks about uh
airplane crashes. Sadly, there was one
today. And and and he talks about how
rare they are. And and because they've
gotten so rare, the world has been
studying and adding patches and
protocols and fixes so that nothing bad
happens again. And it's a very
interesting sort of mental model on on
what the world of AI. This article
doesn't deal with AI, but it talks about
a future in which we've perfected and
refined so many things that the things
that bubble up. The things that are
going to come into your ex feed of the
future are going to be the wildest
>> because yeah, everything is getting so
good so fast
>> that is whatever breaks the norm goes
from zero to taking over the world.
You're starting to see a little bit of
this with startups. Yeah,
>> I don't know if you've noticed that like
the pace at which they're growing,
>> how weird sometimes the things that they
do to get big or get attention are,
which I'm not exactly a fan of, but this
article was fully predictive of.
>> In the world of AI, what's overhyped?
What's underhyped?
>> I think underhyped, oh, underhyped is so
easy. LLMs are so capable and there's so
many great applications, so many great
applications to be created and shipped
and so I'm a team. All right, even if we
froze everything as it exists, the
amount of value that the world will get,
the amount of successful entrepreneurs
will see in the future building on this
new platforms. It is a new platform,
it's a platform shift. It requires that
you rewire your brain, which is very
hard to do. Uh, and luckily for some
people, they're just going to be born
into this and they're just going to see
a lot of upside, right? Uh, it's very
good underhyped,
like being an engineer that never
learned anything about the old world and
now can, you know, one of my bangard
tweets recently was almost like a
confession. I feel like the most the
more honest and and like the more I
confess, you know, AIS are like this
confidant that you trust with everything
and especially around like not asking
silly questions like there's nothing
that's a silly question. There's no
embarrassment. And so the rate of
improvement o over uh world models,
mental models, uh the things that you're
going to be competent at, you were
before constrained by either what your
personality was. If you were kind of
aspie, like maybe had a lower bay filter
for like asking important and
interesting questions. Now you can just
ask any question in the world and get
good at anything. You can truly know it
all. I'm really jealous of like
someone's growing up today with this
like psychic magic powers.
>> Yeah.
>> Overhyped. Um,
>> you know, I take such a longterm
view that it's hard for me to find
something that's truly overhyped.
>> I'll be hyped about Bitcoin at its peak.
I'll be hyped about crypto. I've been
hyped about crypto for years uh through
laws, winter, summers, whatever because,
you know, all money will be digital of
course and all software will be AI. So,
it's very hard for me to like say, well,
that's overhyped if you take a a very
long long long-term view.
>> Yeah,
>> great answer. Okay, last question.
Timelines. When do you think we'll get
to that uh utopia of the kind of uh
generative web? I think in the next five
years we'll see the biggest
transformation to the web in its
interfaces in the habits of people in
the number of creators that are coming
into participating in the web.
>> Even five sounds like a lot. I will even
say in the next three years we're gonna
see kingdoms collapse in a sense of like
you know companies that were born on the
internet that have not been able to make
those adjustments fast enough and the
new AI native companies rise to to as we
were speaking earlier to like un
unprecedented heights very very quickly.
>> Wonderful GMO. Thank you so much for
taking the time to share with us your
vision for the future of the web uh and
the generative web and Verscell's role
in in creating that.
>> Thank you for having me. That was fun.
>> Thank you.
[Music]